Documentation updates for DataPrepper 2.8 (#7135)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/common-use-cases/codec-processor-combinations.md

[Apache Avro] helps streamline streaming data pipelines. It is most efficient when used with the [`avro` codec]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/sinks/s3#avro-codec) inside an `s3` sink.

> ## EventJson

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `event_json`
```

> The `event_json` output codec is used to convert event data and metadata into a json format that can be sent to a sent (like `s3` sink). And an `event_json` input codec can be used to read the event and it's metadata back to create an event in the DataPrepper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `event_json` output codec converts event data and metadata into JSON format to send to a sink, such as an S3 sink. The `event_json` input codec reads the event and its metadata to create an event in Data Prepper.
```
